README.md, before:

Apache SkyWalking Kubernetes Helm
==========

<img src="https://skywalking.apache.org/assets/logo.svg" alt="Sky Walking logo" height="90px" align="right" />

[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/apache/skywalking.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=Stars&logo=github)](https://github.com/apache/skywalking)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/asfskywalking.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=Follow&logo=twitter)](https://twitter.com/AsfSkyWalking)

SkyWalking Kubernetes Helm repository provides ways to install and configure SkyWalking in a Kubernetes cluster.
The scripts are written in Helm 3.

# Chart Detailed Configuration

Chart detailed configuration can be found at [Chart Readme](./chart/skywalking/README.md)

There are required values that you must set explicitly when deploying SkyWalking.

| name | description | example |
| ---- | ----------- | ------- |
| `oap.image.tag` | the OAP docker image tag | `10.0.1` |
| `oap.storageType` | the storage type of the OAP | `elasticsearch`, `postgresql`, `banyandb`, etc. |
| `ui.image.tag` | the UI docker image tag | `10.0.1` |

You can set these required values via command line (e.g. `--set oap.image.tag=10.0.1 --set oap.storageType=elasticsearch`),
or edit them in a separate file(e.g. [`values.yaml`](chart/skywalking/values.yaml), [`values-my-es.yaml`](chart/skywalking/values-my-es.yaml))
and use `-f <filename>` or `--values=<filename>` to set them.

# Install

Let's set some variables for convenient use later.

```shell
export SKYWALKING_RELEASE_VERSION=4.6.0  # change the release version according to your need
export SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAME=skywalking  # change the release name according to your scenario
export SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAMESPACE=default  # change the namespace to where you want to install SkyWalking
```

## Install released version using Docker Helm repository (>= 4.3.0)

```shell
helm install "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAME}" \
  oci://registry-1.docker.io/apache/skywalking-helm \
  --version "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_VERSION}" \
  -n "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAMESPACE}" \
  --set oap.image.tag=10.0.1 \
  --set oap.storageType=elasticsearch \
  --set ui.image.tag=10.0.1
```

To use BanyanDB as storage solution, you can try

```shell
helm install "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAME}" \
  oci://registry-1.docker.io/apache/skywalking-helm \
  --version "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_VERSION}" \
  -n "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAMESPACE}" \
  --set oap.image.tag=10.0.1 \
  --set oap.storageType=banyandb \
  --set ui.image.tag=10.0.1 \
  --set elasticsearch.enabled=false \
  --set banyandb.enabled=true \
  --set banyandb.image.tag=0.6.1
```

BanyanDB can be configured through various parameters. A comprehensive list of these parameters can be found in the configuration section of [BanyanDB Helm](https://github.com/apache/skywalking-banyandb-helm?tab=readme-ov-file#configuration) repository. These parameters allow you to customize aspects such as replication, resource allocation, persistence, and more to suit your specific deployment needs. Remember to prepend 'banyandb.' to all parameter names when applying the settings. For example, `banyandb.image.tag` can be used to specify the version of BanyanDB.

## Install released version using Apache Jfrog Helm repository (<= 4.3.0)

```shell
export REPO=skywalking
helm repo add ${REPO} https://apache.jfrog.io/artifactory/skywalking-helm
```

## Install development version of SkyWalking using master branch

This is needed **only** when you want to install SkyWalking from master branch.

```shell script
export REPO=chart
git clone https://github.com/apache/skywalking-helm
cd skywalking-helm
helm repo add elastic https://helm.elastic.co
helm dep up ${REPO}/skywalking
```

## Install development version of SWCK Adapter using master branch

This is needed **only** when you want to install [SWCK Adapter](https://github.com/apache/skywalking-swck/tree/master/adapter) from master branch. 

SWCK Adapter chart detailed configuration can be found at [Adapter Chart Readme](./chart/adapter/README.md).

You can install the Adapter with the default configuration as follows.

```shell script
export REPO=chart
git clone https://github.com/apache/skywalking-helm
cd skywalking-helm
helm -n skywalking-custom-metrics-system install adapter ${REPO}/adapter --create-namespace
```

## Install development version of SWCK Operator using master branch

This is needed **only** when you want to install [SWCK Operator](https://github.com/apache/skywalking-swck/tree/master/operator) from master branch. 

Before installing Operator, you have to install [cert-manager](https://cert-manager.io/) at first.

```shell script
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/releases/download/v1.9.1/cert-manager.yaml
```

SWCK Operator chart detailed configuration can be found at [Operator Chart Readme](./chart/operator/README.md).

You can install the Operator with the default configuration as follows.

```shell script
export REPO=chart
git clone https://github.com/apache/skywalking-helm
cd skywalking-helm
helm -n skywalking-swck-system install operator ${REPO}/operator
```

## Install a specific version of SkyWalking

In theory, you can deploy all versions of SkyWalking that are >= 6.0.0-GA, by specifying the desired `oap.image.tag`/`ui.image.tag`.

Please note that some configurations that are added in the later versions of SkyWalking may not work in earlier versions, and thus if you
specify those configurations, they may take no effect.

here are some examples.

- Deploy SkyWalking 10.0.1

```shell script
helm install "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAME}" ${REPO}/skywalking -n "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAMESPACE}" \
  --set oap.image.tag=10.0.1 \
  --set oap.storageType=elasticsearch \
  --set ui.image.tag=10.0.1
```

Because ElasticSearch recommends to use the corresponding Helm Chart version of the ElasticSearch version,
if you want to use a specific version of ElasticSearch, you have to change the ElasticSearch Helm Chart version in
`dependencies` section in `Chart.yaml` file, which requires you to install from the source codes.
Or you should deploy the desired ElasticSearch version first by yourself, and then deploy SkyWalking to use the
existing ElasticSearch by setting the following section:

```yaml
elasticsearch:
  enabled: true
  config:               # For users of an existing elasticsearch cluster,takes effect when `elasticsearch.enabled` is false
    port:
      http: 9200
    host: elasticsearch # es service on kubernetes or host
    user: "xxx"         # [optional]
    password: "xxx"     # [optional]
```

The same goes for PostgreSQL and BanyanDB.

## Install development version using ghcr.io Helm repository

If you are willing to help testing the latest codes that are not released yet, we provided a snapshot
Helm repository on ghcr.io for convenient use, replace the full commit hash in the version option to
deploy the revision that you want to test.

```shell
helm -n istio-system install skywalking \
  oci://ghcr.io/apache/skywalking-helm/skywalking-helm \
  --version "0.0.0-b670c41d94a82ddefcf466d54bab5c492d88d772" \
  -n "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAMESPACE}" \
  --set oap.image.tag=10.0.1 \
  --set oap.storageType=elasticsearch \
  --set ui.image.tag=10.0.1
```

## Install development version using source codes

This is needed **only** when you want to install source codes.

```shell script
helm install "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAME}" ${REPO}/skywalking -n "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAMESPACE}" 
```

## Install a specific version of SkyWalking with an existing database

If you want to use a specific version of ElasticSearch as storage solution, for instance, modify the connection information to the existing ElasticSearch cluster in file [`values-my-es.yaml`](chart/skywalking/values-my-es.yaml).

```shell script
helm install "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAME}" ${REPO}/skywalking -n "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAMESPACE}" \
  -f ./skywalking/values-my-es.yaml
```

## Install SkyWalking with Satellite

Enable the satellite as gateway, and set the satellite image tag.

```shell script
helm install "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAME}" ${REPO}/skywalking -n "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAMESPACE}" \
  --set satellite.enabled=true \
  --set satellite.image.tag=v0.4.0
```

After satellite have been installed, you should replace the `oap` address to the `satellite` address, the address from agent or `istio`, such as `skywalking-satellite.istio-system:11800`.

## Customization

- Override configuration files

You can override the configuration files for OAP or Satellite by adding configuration section `oap.config` and `satellite.config`,
check [the examples](chart/skywalking/values.yaml), search keyword `config: {}`.

- Pass environment variables to OAP

The SkyWalking OAP exposes many configurations that can be specified by environment variables, as listed in [the main repo](https://github.com/apache/skywalking/blob/master/docs/en/setup/backend/configuration-vocabulary.md).
You can set those environment variables by `--set oap.env.<ENV_NAME>=<ENV_VALUE>`, such as `--set oap.env.SW_ENVOY_METRIC_ALS_HTTP_ANALYSIS=k8s-mesh`.

> The environment variables take priority over the overrode configuration files.

## Rerun OAP init job

Kubernetes Job cannot be rerun by default, if you want to rerun the OAP init
job, you need to delete the Job and recreate it.

```shell
# Make sure to export the Job manifest to a file before deleting it.
kubectl get job -n "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAMESPACE}" -l release=$SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAME -o yaml > oap-init.job.yaml
# Trim the Job manifest to keep only the Job part, you can either download yq from https://github.com/mikefarah/yq or
# manually remove the fields that are not needed.
yq 'del(.items[0].metadata.creationTimestamp,.items[0].metadata.resourceVersion,.items[0].metadata.uid,.items[0].status,.items[0].spec.template.metadata.labels."batch.kubernetes.io/controller-uid",.items[0].spec.template.metadata.labels."controller-uid",.items[0].spec.selector.matchLabels."batch.kubernetes.io/controller-uid")' oap-init.job.yaml > oap-init.job.trimmed.yaml
# Check the file oap-init.job.trimmed.yaml to make sure it has correct content
# Delete the Job
kubectl delete job -n "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAMESPACE}" -l release=$SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAME
# Create the Job
kubectl -n "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAMESPACE}" apply -f oap-init.job.trimmed.yaml
```

# Contact Us
* Submit an [issue](https://github.com/apache/skywalking/issues)
* Mail list: **dev@skywalking.apache.org**. Mail to `dev-subscribe@skywalking.apache.org`, follow the reply to subscribe the mail list.
* Send `Request to join SkyWalking slack` mail to the mail list(`dev@skywalking.apache.org`), we will invite you in.
* For Chinese speaker, send `[CN] Request to join SkyWalking slack` mail to the mail list(`dev@skywalking.apache.org`), we will invite you in.
* Twitter, [ASFSkyWalking](https://twitter.com/AsfSkyWalking)
* [bilibili B站 视频](https://space.bilibili.com/390683219)

# LICENSE
Apache 2.0

Commit message:

Bump up BanyanDB Helm version to 0.3.0 (#158)
* Bump up BanyanDB Helm version to 0.3.0

---------

Signed-off-by: Gao Hongtao <hanahmily@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

Apache SkyWalking Kubernetes Helm
==========

<img src="https://skywalking.apache.org/assets/logo.svg" alt="Sky Walking logo" height="90px" align="right" />

[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/apache/skywalking.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=Stars&logo=github)](https://github.com/apache/skywalking)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/asfskywalking.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=Follow&logo=twitter)](https://twitter.com/AsfSkyWalking)

SkyWalking Kubernetes Helm repository provides ways to install and configure SkyWalking in a Kubernetes cluster.
The scripts are written in Helm 3.

# Chart Detailed Configuration

Chart detailed configuration can be found at [Chart Readme](./chart/skywalking/README.md)

There are required values that you must set explicitly when deploying SkyWalking.

| name | description | example |
| ---- | ----------- | ------- |
| `oap.image.tag` | the OAP docker image tag | `10.0.1` |
| `oap.storageType` | the storage type of the OAP | `elasticsearch`, `postgresql`, `banyandb`, etc. |
| `ui.image.tag` | the UI docker image tag | `10.0.1` |

You can set these required values via command line (e.g. `--set oap.image.tag=10.0.1 --set oap.storageType=elasticsearch`),
or edit them in a separate file(e.g. [`values.yaml`](chart/skywalking/values.yaml), [`values-my-es.yaml`](chart/skywalking/values-my-es.yaml))
and use `-f <filename>` or `--values=<filename>` to set them.

# Install

Let's set some variables for convenient use later.

```shell
export SKYWALKING_RELEASE_VERSION=4.6.0  # change the release version according to your need
export SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAME=skywalking  # change the release name according to your scenario
export SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAMESPACE=default  # change the namespace to where you want to install SkyWalking
```

## Install released version using Docker Helm repository (>= 4.3.0)

```shell
helm install "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAME}" \
  oci://registry-1.docker.io/apache/skywalking-helm \
  --version "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_VERSION}" \
  -n "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAMESPACE}" \
  --set oap.image.tag=10.0.1 \
  --set oap.storageType=elasticsearch \
  --set ui.image.tag=10.0.1
```

To use BanyanDB as storage solution, you can try

```shell
helm install "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAME}" \
  oci://registry-1.docker.io/apache/skywalking-helm \
  --version "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_VERSION}" \
  -n "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAMESPACE}" \
  --set oap.image.tag=10.0.1 \
  --set oap.storageType=banyandb \
  --set ui.image.tag=10.0.1 \
  --set elasticsearch.enabled=false \
  --set banyandb.enabled=true \
  --set banyandb.image.tag=0.7.0
```

BanyanDB can be configured through various parameters. A comprehensive list of these parameters can be found in the configuration section of [BanyanDB Helm](https://github.com/apache/skywalking-banyandb-helm?tab=readme-ov-file#configuration) repository. These parameters allow you to customize aspects such as replication, resource allocation, persistence, and more to suit your specific deployment needs. Remember to prepend 'banyandb.' to all parameter names when applying the settings. For example, `banyandb.image.tag` can be used to specify the version of BanyanDB.

The _BanyanDB(>=0.7.0)_ is not compatible with the _BanyanDB Helm Chart(<0.3.0)_ which is referred by the _SkyWalking Helm Chart(<4.7.0)_. If you want to use _BanyanDB(>=0.7.0)_ as storage solution, you have to use the _BanyanDB Helm Chart(>=0.3.0)_ or _SkyWalking Helm Chart(>=4.7.0)_.

## Install released version using Apache Jfrog Helm repository (<= 4.3.0)

```shell
export REPO=skywalking
helm repo add ${REPO} https://apache.jfrog.io/artifactory/skywalking-helm
```

## Install development version of SkyWalking using master branch

This is needed **only** when you want to install SkyWalking from master branch.

```shell script
export REPO=chart
git clone https://github.com/apache/skywalking-helm
cd skywalking-helm
helm repo add elastic https://helm.elastic.co
helm dep up ${REPO}/skywalking
```

## Install development version of SWCK Adapter using master branch

This is needed **only** when you want to install [SWCK Adapter](https://github.com/apache/skywalking-swck/tree/master/adapter) from master branch. 

SWCK Adapter chart detailed configuration can be found at [Adapter Chart Readme](./chart/adapter/README.md).

You can install the Adapter with the default configuration as follows.

```shell script
export REPO=chart
git clone https://github.com/apache/skywalking-helm
cd skywalking-helm
helm -n skywalking-custom-metrics-system install adapter ${REPO}/adapter --create-namespace
```

## Install development version of SWCK Operator using master branch

This is needed **only** when you want to install [SWCK Operator](https://github.com/apache/skywalking-swck/tree/master/operator) from master branch. 

Before installing Operator, you have to install [cert-manager](https://cert-manager.io/) at first.

```shell script
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/releases/download/v1.9.1/cert-manager.yaml
```

SWCK Operator chart detailed configuration can be found at [Operator Chart Readme](./chart/operator/README.md).

You can install the Operator with the default configuration as follows.

```shell script
export REPO=chart
git clone https://github.com/apache/skywalking-helm
cd skywalking-helm
helm -n skywalking-swck-system install operator ${REPO}/operator
```

## Install a specific version of SkyWalking

In theory, you can deploy all versions of SkyWalking that are >= 6.0.0-GA, by specifying the desired `oap.image.tag`/`ui.image.tag`.

Please note that some configurations that are added in the later versions of SkyWalking may not work in earlier versions, and thus if you
specify those configurations, they may take no effect.

here are some examples.

- Deploy SkyWalking 10.0.1

```shell script
helm install "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAME}" ${REPO}/skywalking -n "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAMESPACE}" \
  --set oap.image.tag=10.0.1 \
  --set oap.storageType=elasticsearch \
  --set ui.image.tag=10.0.1
```

Because ElasticSearch recommends to use the corresponding Helm Chart version of the ElasticSearch version,
if you want to use a specific version of ElasticSearch, you have to change the ElasticSearch Helm Chart version in
`dependencies` section in `Chart.yaml` file, which requires you to install from the source codes.
Or you should deploy the desired ElasticSearch version first by yourself, and then deploy SkyWalking to use the
existing ElasticSearch by setting the following section:

```yaml
elasticsearch:
  enabled: true
  config:               # For users of an existing elasticsearch cluster,takes effect when `elasticsearch.enabled` is false
    port:
      http: 9200
    host: elasticsearch # es service on kubernetes or host
    user: "xxx"         # [optional]
    password: "xxx"     # [optional]
```

The same goes for PostgreSQL and BanyanDB.

## Install development version using ghcr.io Helm repository

If you are willing to help testing the latest codes that are not released yet, we provided a snapshot
Helm repository on ghcr.io for convenient use, replace the full commit hash in the version option to
deploy the revision that you want to test.

```shell
helm -n istio-system install skywalking \
  oci://ghcr.io/apache/skywalking-helm/skywalking-helm \
  --version "0.0.0-b670c41d94a82ddefcf466d54bab5c492d88d772" \
  -n "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAMESPACE}" \
  --set oap.image.tag=10.0.1 \
  --set oap.storageType=elasticsearch \
  --set ui.image.tag=10.0.1
```

## Install development version using source codes

This is needed **only** when you want to install source codes.

```shell script
helm install "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAME}" ${REPO}/skywalking -n "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAMESPACE}" 
```

## Install a specific version of SkyWalking with an existing database

If you want to use a specific version of ElasticSearch as storage solution, for instance, modify the connection information to the existing ElasticSearch cluster in file [`values-my-es.yaml`](chart/skywalking/values-my-es.yaml).

```shell script
helm install "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAME}" ${REPO}/skywalking -n "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAMESPACE}" \
  -f ./skywalking/values-my-es.yaml
```

## Install SkyWalking with Satellite

Enable the satellite as gateway, and set the satellite image tag.

```shell script
helm install "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAME}" ${REPO}/skywalking -n "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAMESPACE}" \
  --set satellite.enabled=true \
  --set satellite.image.tag=v0.4.0
```

After satellite have been installed, you should replace the `oap` address to the `satellite` address, the address from agent or `istio`, such as `skywalking-satellite.istio-system:11800`.

## Customization

- Override configuration files

You can override the configuration files for OAP or Satellite by adding configuration section `oap.config` and `satellite.config`,
check [the examples](chart/skywalking/values.yaml), search keyword `config: {}`.

- Pass environment variables to OAP

The SkyWalking OAP exposes many configurations that can be specified by environment variables, as listed in [the main repo](https://github.com/apache/skywalking/blob/master/docs/en/setup/backend/configuration-vocabulary.md).
You can set those environment variables by `--set oap.env.<ENV_NAME>=<ENV_VALUE>`, such as `--set oap.env.SW_ENVOY_METRIC_ALS_HTTP_ANALYSIS=k8s-mesh`.

> The environment variables take priority over the overrode configuration files.

## Rerun OAP init job

Kubernetes Job cannot be rerun by default, if you want to rerun the OAP init
job, you need to delete the Job and recreate it.

```shell
# Make sure to export the Job manifest to a file before deleting it.
kubectl get job -n "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAMESPACE}" -l release=$SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAME -o yaml > oap-init.job.yaml
# Trim the Job manifest to keep only the Job part, you can either download yq from https://github.com/mikefarah/yq or
# manually remove the fields that are not needed.
yq 'del(.items[0].metadata.creationTimestamp,.items[0].metadata.resourceVersion,.items[0].metadata.uid,.items[0].status,.items[0].spec.template.metadata.labels."batch.kubernetes.io/controller-uid",.items[0].spec.template.metadata.labels."controller-uid",.items[0].spec.selector.matchLabels."batch.kubernetes.io/controller-uid")' oap-init.job.yaml > oap-init.job.trimmed.yaml
# Check the file oap-init.job.trimmed.yaml to make sure it has correct content
# Delete the Job
kubectl delete job -n "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAMESPACE}" -l release=$SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAME
# Create the Job
kubectl -n "${SKYWALKING_RELEASE_NAMESPACE}" apply -f oap-init.job.trimmed.yaml
```

# Contact Us
* Submit an [issue](https://github.com/apache/skywalking/issues)
* Mail list: **dev@skywalking.apache.org**. Mail to `dev-subscribe@skywalking.apache.org`, follow the reply to subscribe the mail list.
* Send `Request to join SkyWalking slack` mail to the mail list(`dev@skywalking.apache.org`), we will invite you in.
* For Chinese speaker, send `[CN] Request to join SkyWalking slack` mail to the mail list(`dev@skywalking.apache.org`), we will invite you in.
* Twitter, [ASFSkyWalking](https://twitter.com/AsfSkyWalking)
* [bilibili B站 视频](https://space.bilibili.com/390683219)

# LICENSE
Apache 2.0
